Disclaimer {#DISCLAIMER}
==========

Information in this document is provided solely to enable system and software implementers to use NXP products. There are no express or implied copyright licenses granted hereunder to design or fabricate any integrated circuits based on the information in this document. NXP reserves the right to make changes without further notice to any products herein.
NXP makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee regarding the suitability of its products for any particular purpose, nor does NXP assume any liability arising out of the application or use of any product or circuit, and specifically disclaims any and all liability, including without limitation consequential or incidental damages. "Typical" parameters that may be provided in NXP data sheets and/or specifications can and do vary in different applications, and actual performance may vary over time. All operating parameters, including "typicals," must be validated for each customer application by customer's technical experts. NXP does not convey any license under its patent rights nor the rights of others. NXP sells products pursuant to standard terms and conditions of sale, which can be found at the following address: nxp.com/SalesTermsandConditions.
While NXP has implemented advanced security features, all products may be subject to unidentified vulnerabilities. Customers are responsible for the design and operation of their applications and products to reduce the effect of these vulnerabilities on customer's applications and products, and NXP accepts no liability for any vulnerability that is discovered. Customers should implement appropriate design and operating safeguards to minimize the risks associated with their applications and products.

NXP, the NXP logo, NXP SECURE CONNECTIONS FOR A SMARTER WORLD, COOLFLUX, EMBRACE, GREENCHIP, HITAG, I2C BUS, ICODE, JCOP, LIFE VIBES, MIFARE, MIFARE CLASSIC, MIFARE DESFire, MIFARE PLUS, MIFARE FLEX, MANTIS, MIFARE ULTRALIGHT, MIFARE4MOBILE, MIGLO, NTAG, ROADLINK, SMARTLX, SMARTMX, STARPLUG, TOPFET, TRENCHMOS, UCODE, Freescale, the Freescale logo, AltiVec, C 5, CodeTEST, CodeWarrior, ColdFire, ColdFire+, C Ware, the Energy Efficient Solutions logo, Kinetis, Layerscape, MagniV, mobileGT, PEG, PowerQUICC, Processor Expert, QorIQ, QorIQ Qonverge, Ready Play, SafeAssure, the SafeAssure logo, StarCore, Symphony, VortiQa, Vybrid, Airfast, BeeKit, BeeStack, CoreNet, Flexis, MXC, Platform in a Package, QUICC Engine, SMARTMOS, Tower, TurboLink, and UMEMS are trademarks of NXP B.V. All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners. Arm, AMBA, Arm Powered, Artisan, Cortex, Jazelle, Keil, SecurCore, Thumb, TrustZone, and ?Vision are registered trademarks of Arm Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the EU and/or elsewhere. Arm7, Arm9, Arm11, big.LITTLE, CoreLink, CoreSight, DesignStart, Mali, Mbed, NEON, POP, Sensinode, Socrates, ULINK and Versatile are trademarks of Arm Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the EU and/or elsewhere. All rights reserved. Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. The Power Architecture and Power.org word marks and the Power and Power.org logos and related marks are trademarks and service marks licensed by Power.org.

(c) 2024 NXP B.V.

